Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
DONKEY SKIN
Based on the Fairy Tale
by Charles Perrault
Once upon a time
there was a king so great.
so loved by his people and so respected
by neighboring kingdoms
that he was
the happiest of monarchs.
And his happiness
was even greater
for having chosen
a beautiful and virtuous wife.
The couple lived
in perfect harmony.
They had a daughter
of such grace and charm
that they never regretted
having but one child.
Their palace was a marvel
of taste and abundance.
The buildings
were magnificent.
and the vast stables were filled
with the most handsome steeds.
But what
most surprised visitors
was a donkey displayed
in the most prominent place.
This iniquity
may surprise you .
but when you learn
of the creature’s rare ability.
you will agree
that this honor was its due.
However. the vicissitudes of life
fall on kings as well.
and the greatest good
is always mixed with misfortune.
The queen was suddenly stricken
with a cruel malady.
and neither the physicians
well-versed in Greek
nor the quacks in vogue
could do aught for her.
Allow me. before I die.
to make one request.
If you should wish
to remarry –
No. my dearest queen.
I would never think of it.
Ask instead
that I follow you.
Our love says
I can believe you.
but the state demands heirs.
I gave you only a daughter.
Your advisors will demand
a son in your image.
Hush.
Listen to me.
Swear by the love
you bear me
to marry again
only when you’ve found
a woman
more beautiful than myself.
Impossible!
Swear it
so that I may die content.
I swear it.
The queen is dead!
Come. Father.
Leave me. child.
I never wish to see you again.
The royal cabinet!
Speak.
We think it is bad for you
to remain alone –
and bad for the state.
Solitude is unhealthy for kings.
It is time you remarried.
Why do you always
ask the impossible?
The state needs a male heir
for its peace and tranquility.
The kingdom is at peace
and does not desire war.
Your advisors
can but approve of your policy.
but we are supposed
to advise you as well.
I understand your reasons.
I can remarry.
but I swore to the queen
to wed only a princess
more beautiful than she.
- That was a vain promise.
- How so?
A queen’s beauty matters little
provided she’s virtuous and fertile.
I do not agree.
and I will not
break my promise.
Seek in neighboring kingdoms
a princess
who might suit me.
I wish but to please.
The prime minister!
Now the trouble begins.
You’re burning me!
I beg your pardon.
Your Majesty.
Well?
Two of our messengers
have brought us
some charming portraits.
If they’re like the others.
no. thank you.
Those were so badly done
that you couldn’t tell
whether the girl
was pretty or stupid.
Let me see.
This one’s father has
the largest kingdom you could –
Come now!
Let me see!
She’s hideous!
Her father would give you
half his land –
Let him keep it all.
Would you have
an ugly woman on my arm?
This one is no youth.
but her fortune
exceeds by far –
The number of her years!
Sadness.
Boredom.
Pride.
Hypocrisy.
They’re all one-eyed
or hunchbacks
or perhaps deaf.
Have fairy-tale princesses
all disappeared?
There is this one.
Let me see.
Good God. she’s lovely!
You kept her a secret.
you traitor.
How sweet! How pure!
How graceful!
Look at the line
of that shoulder.
Who is she?
Your daughter. sire.
Love is worn around the neck
The heart is mad
Four arms entwined
The soul is glad
Like a scarf
woven of white wool
Love forms a knot
Love. love
Has made me mad
Love often makes a clamor
In youth
It cries. it stings
It swears false oaths
It makes those lovers suffer
Who refuse to turn the page
Love. love
Is never wise
How lovely she is!
Lovelier than the queen. sire.
and much more charming
and intelligent.
When it has lived too long
With contented heart
Love. at the slightest snag
Frays
Caught on the nail of memory
Love dies in time
Love. love
I love you so!
Your father. the king.
has sent for you.
Love. love. I love you so!
You sent for me. Father?
Does that surprise you?
You’ve refused to see me
since my mother’s death.
Did that hurt you?
- Yes. Father.
- I am sorry.
Solitude has been
my sole companion.
I have decided
that that must end.
Arise. dear daughter.
I was listening to you.
Your singing enchanted me.
If your soul
is sensitive to music.
perhaps you do not
dislike poetry either.
I know little poetry.
but I enjoy it.
I have some poems
from the future.
The ancients wrote well.
but the poets of tomorrow
may delight you more.
"Listening
to your fairy lute.
trees and stones
follow you. Orpheus.
letting you shape them
as you choose.
Clio. the barmaid.
Calliope phoning in
a scoop...
Urania turning on
the gaslights
that paint
the trees from below."
Do you like it?
It’s troubling.
Your godmother.
the lilac fairy. gave it to me.
Her knowledge of the future
amazes me.
Listen to this one.
It suits the moment so well.
"The ring is slipped
on the finger
after a kiss seals our vows.
What our lips murmured
is in the ring on the finger.
Weave roses
through your hair."
I love you. my daughter.
and wish to marry you.
Poetry deranges you. Father.
I beg you to stop.
- Do you love me?
- Very much.
Very much is not enough.
Allow me to go. Father.
I feel weary and troubled.
Be that as it may.
I have decided to marry you.
and marry you I will.
Ask not such a crime of me.
Let me think on it.
I give you until tomorrow.
You are wise and learned.
Your counsel
has never led me astray.
I love the princess
and wish to marry her.
Is mine a sinful love?
Is the princess fond
of Your Majesty?
She says
she loves me very much.
yet she’s confused.
Do you see what I mean?
The princess is too young
to understand
the stirrings of her heart.
It’s written here
that all little girls
who are asked.
"Whom do you wish to marry
when you grow up? "
reply without fail.
"I want to marry Daddy."
Do you have a daughter?
Alas. no.
But if I did.
I would certainly marry her.
You are
the wisest of the wise.
I shall marry the princess.
You at this hour!
You know I hate
to be taken unawares.
Forgive me. godmother.
but it’s terribly urgent.
Come now.
Don’t cry. child.
It will leave furrows
on your face.
But it’s too dreadful!
Calm down
and have a seat.
No. not a word.
I know all about it.
Let me finish dressing.
And dry your tears.
You. go outside and play.
Yellow is definitely
not my color.
That’s better.
Dear child. it would be a great
mistake to marry your father.
You must gently
discourage him.
But I love him.
I know...
but you’re confusing
different kinds of love.
I must give him
an answer tomorrow.
The situation
calls for great attention
Children do not marry
their parents. my child
You love your father.
and I understand
But whatever your reasons
or feelings may be
Boys do not marry
their mothers. my child
And it is the tradition
In every condition
For lawmakers to decree
That girls
do not marry their daddies
A prince with a shepherdess
may find joy
But a girl with her father
Can expect nothing
but tainted offspring
My child. you must forget
without regret
These depraved phantasms
And you will encounter
a charming ragamuffin
Or perhaps a beggar prince
But kindly abjure
This union impure
Life will offer you gifts.
my child
But first you must
Conform to the plan
I have concocted for you
Have no fear of getting lost
I shall enlighten you
at all cost
I shall protect you
and show you the way
That I have traced
without delay
Be of good cheer
I’ve arranged it all.
my dear
Don’t worry.
Nothing bad will happen to you
if you follow my advice.
Are you sure?
Fairies are always right.
We must set your father
an impossible challenge.
You must tell him
you have a whim for –
oh. I don’t know –
a dress the color of...
the weather.
The weather?
It’s terribly complicated
and costly.
Even with all his powers.
he’ll never manage it.
A dress the color of the weather –
is that a condition?
More like a whim.
And then you’ll marry me?
Yes. Father.
The devil take me!
Good weather?
Bad weather?
Good weather. Father.
What kind of weather?
Good weather. of course!
And I need it by tomorrow.
We’ll never make it in time.
The color of the weather!
Horse feathers!
He succeeded!
How dreadful!
Let me look at you.
It’s gorgeous.
I’ve never had anything like it.
I honestly didn’t think
it was possible.
He must love you
very much indeed.
What do we do now?
We must be
completely unreasonable.
Ask for a dress
that’s more sparkling.
less common.
A dress the color of the moon.
Go at once.
The color of the moon?
Yes. Father.
More sparkling
and less common.
But that one
suits you perfectly.
I find it... quite ordinary.
I would not displease you.
The color of the moon?
Yes. Father.
Even more lustrous
than the nightly orb.
Now he’s asking
for the moon!
What a beautiful dress!
My father’s so sweet.
I’m full of love
and ready to marry him.
- You can’t.
- But he’s so nice.
Impossible.
I tore my dress again.
- How sad.
- Perhaps. but that’s life.
But something’s amiss.
My magic spell doesn’t work.
Could it be worn out?
Can a spell wear out
like a dress?
No. but it can grow weak
like a battery.
A battery? What’s that?
Nothing. I’m getting old.
But fairies don’t get old.
You’re right. I’d forgotten.
Still. my power over men
is growing weak.
My spell doesn’t work
on your father anymore.
I must admit I feel
great tenderness for him.
Please!
We shall conquer
this unwholesome passion.
Calm down. now.
We’ll be simply odious.
Tell him you want
a dress the color of the sun.
- He’ll give it to me.
- Then we’ll see.
Anyway.
I have another idea too.
I think he’ll be surprised
by the request
I advise you to make.
What now?
Listen.
No. not that!
That’s horrible!
I’d never dare!
I’d rather marry him!
- You have no choice.
Are you satisfied?
Frankly. I should like
a more dazzling dress...
the color of the sun.
Is this one
not dazzling enough?
It could be made
of gold and diamonds.
Are you vain. my dear?
Not really.
Why are you toying with me?
You shall have your dress
if you assure me
it’s a pledge of love
and not merely a whim.
It’s no whim. Father.
Go on.
Ask him what I told you.
I can’t!
Go on.
I command you.
How dazzling!
I’ve never seen
anything so radiant!
You are beautiful. daughter!
Are you happy?
I am. Father.
I’m filled with joy.
Is this your last request?
Or. before our marriage.
have you some other desire
I can satisfy?
Yes. but I hesitate.
Tell me.
I’d like the skin
of that old donkey in your stables.
My banker?
Yes. Father.
You surprise me
with this strange request.
Someone’s put
this monstrous idea into your head.
probably your fairy godmother.
who’s despised me ever since –
- Since when?
- That’s not important.
Besides. I don’t care
what the fairies think.
especially that one.
Well. if this is your last request
before our marriage.
it will be granted.
You will have that donkey’s skin
this very night.
- Stop this childishness!
- I can’t elude him.
It’s cruel
to make him suffer.
He’s already planning
the wedding.
That’s just too bad.
Why must I refuse his love?
What have you got against my father?
I owe you no explanations.
Your father behaved badly
in a matter that concerns
him and me alone.
Fairies. like women.
hold grudges.
Come now. don’t cry!
If my father loves me.
why not do as he wishes?
Why flee from him?
It’s only pride.
I owe him my life. after all.
That shows how sadly lacking
your education has been.
What do you advise?
You must leave at once.
He’ll find me wherever I go.
You’ll be in disguise.
You have the oddest ideas.
Hurry now.
Wrap this skin around you.
- Horrors!
Do as I say.
I have everything planned.
Where’s my wand?
Here’s a trunk
for your dresses. your mirror.
your diamonds and rubies.
Take my wand too.
- But what about you?
- I have another at home.
Strike the ground
with this wand.
and your trunk will appear
whenever you need it.
Come.
- What for?
Come here.
No one must recognize you.
You enjoy
making me look hideous!
Don’t be silly. I’m helping you.
This is going to be an ordeal.
Life is not as easy
as you think.
even for the daughter
of a king.
Now. a carriage awaits
at the gate
to take you to safety
beyond the seas.
Good luck. my child.
Lend me my wand
to get home.
Come in. Donkey Skin.
I’ve been expecting you.
I need a scullery maid
to wash the rags.
Yes. ma’am.
Call me "old woman" –
or don’t address me at all.
You’ll start tomorrow.
Everyone’s asleep today.
You’re even filthier
than I expected.
Scullery maids are always filthy.
You think too much.
Go clean the pig trough.
- Yes. old woman.
I’m tired from my long journey.
Where may I rest?
There’s a hut in the forest.
Off with you.
How wretched!
Where do I start?
The bed.
A chair.
The table.
A looking glass.
Candles.
And my trunk.
Love. love. I love you so
I love you so
The princess
cannot be found.
Search the stables.
the sheepfold. the cellars.
We’ve searched
everywhere.
She was asleep
in her bedroom last night.
Some Romeo passing through
may have carried her off.
You speak nonsense!
I’m going mad!
Send out 100 messengers
and 1 .000 musketeers.
Search every hamlet.
every vineyard.
and every meadow –
but bring her back!
- Dead or alive?
- Alive. you fool!
This is too much to bear!
What about the wedding?
Postpone it.
No wedding. no banquet.
no decorations. no cake. no bells!
Leave me in peace.
and do not disturb me again
until you’ve found her.
I will not be consoled...
except by her presence.
Be gone!
Oh. she’s disgusting!
Oh. she’s dirty!
Oh. she’s filthy!
The poor thing
She must be sick
They say her skin
hides some disease
Maybe the mange
Just look at her
You can’t tell her hands
from her face
With that hair all over
How disgusting
She won’t have a chance
to see the prince
Before kissing her.
he’d have to wash her
She must smell foul
from head to toe
The old woman said
you must clean
The stables and the barn
- Do you know why?
- How would I know?
Our prince is coming Sunday
He’s a stickler
for cleanliness
- Not like her
- She’s disgusting
Let’s get away from here
She infests the air
They say she’s evil
You’d better hide
If the prince sees you.
he might have you driven off
You won’t be allowed
at the feast
The king’s soldiers
might take you for a beast
And kill you
I won’t take up much room
nor make any noise
But I want to see
the prince go by
Then I’ll leave
She wants to see the prince!
They’ll all take flight
at such a sight
What is your name.
noble lady?
They call me Donkey Skin
- Is it your skin that stinks ?
- I think it’s her body
I’ve never seen
anything so hideous
Am I really guilty?
What crime have I committed?
I don’t deserve
such a miserable life
Unless a Prince Charming
comes for me
I vow here and now
to go out and find him
Are we almost there?
Almost. sire.
You’ve eaten nothing. sire.
I’m not hungry.
Is something bothering you?
I was thinking
how odd the world is.
They say
it may stop turning.
The fairies
will start it up again.
- I don’t believe in them.
- I do.
Fairies are an unseen force
that drive us
to act for good... or evil.
Excuse me.
I need peace and quiet.
- I’ll go with you.
- I didn’t say I needed company.
Love hides within the heart
Like a thief
And secretly plans
The heart’s downfall
Like a worm inside a cherry
Recalling happy days
Are you bored . Prince?
Never. Rose.
There’s so much to do.
to discover. to understand.
You sang of love.
Is it love you seek?
Of course... like everyone else.
Then follow the path.
You need only trust.
Thank you. Rose.
Love. love. I love you so
Why do you knock
at a time like this?
I’ve waited so long
For you to bring me
happiness
Love. love. I love you so
Tell me. woman.
who’s that princess in the forest?
- Princess? That’s a scullery maid. sire.
- She has the loveliest face.
Little Red Riding Hood. perhaps!
She’s a lowly servant.
They call her Donkey Skin
due to that carcass on her back.
- Donkey Sin?
- Donkey Skin!
Donkey Skin.
What a lovely name!
Kind sir...
the wine and sun here
have muddled your senses.
I haven’t tasted your wine.
and the sun shone
only to lead me to her.
You have
a mysterious expression. sire.
- I just saw an angel.
- Goodness me!
Let them hang me
If I didn’t dream it
I wonder
If I haven’t found
Love in my path
Love that makes
the wisest men go mad
I seemed to recognize
Love’s features
Such youth
Such grace. such beauty
Such tenderness
Such serenity
My life depends upon her
I shall live for her alone
Her love
Must belong to me
I’d given up hope
I was driven to despair
I went on living joylessly
Then she appeared
Lovelier than an angel
Come down among us men
I’d give my life for her
Even if I were hanged
I must see her again
I do not wish to die
Of love
- You’ re trembling. sire.
- There’s a spell upon him.
Yes... and what joy!
Prepare the horses.
We’re leaving.
Were you asleep?
I thought I heard
sounds from your room.
We weren’t expecting you
until tomorrow.
That’s not a rebuke.
but you know how I worry
when you’re on the road.
Did you have a good trip?
What’s that mean?
It means Father should do
something about his kingdom.
There are still scullery maids
living in huts.
Take that up
with your father.
You look troubled.
Are you ill?
I rode 50 leagues.
I’m tired.
- You’re burning up.
- I’m exhausted.
You gallop like mad.
You have a fever.
Are you ill?
Just my luck.
For your return. I’ve arranged
the Ball of the Cats and the Birds.
The Marquis of Carabas
will attend.
Every princess will be
rushing here to see you.
You hear me?
Shall I call a doctor?
No! Thank you.
Leave me now.
I need to rest.
Where’s that son of yours?
Must we beg him to appear?
I’ve sent for him
three times.
Does he know
this ball is in his honor?
Yes. He says
he doesn’t feel well.
- Where is he?
- He refuses to leave his room.
That isn’t like him.
Does he have some secret?
Not that I know of.
- Has he eaten?
- He didn’t touch his food.
- I’ll go get him.
- No. I’ll go.
Mademoiselle de Ségur
has inquired about you.
Mademoiselle de Clèves
traveled four days.
They’re all clamoring
to see you.
I don’t care about those silly wenches.
I wish only to see that girl.
I have to marry her.
I assure you
she’s a scullery maid.
And I assure you
she’s a great beauty.
Your absence is already
the cause of many rumors.
If you tell them you wish
to marry a scullery maid.
they’ll lock you up.
You’re right.
But I must find
a way to see her.
And I won’t leave this room
until I do.
I’ll lie sick in bed.
I have spoken.
What did you say?
Your Majesty.
Leave us. Godefroy.
The king is concerned about you.
- He needn’t be.
- You haven’t eaten a bite.
- I have no appetite.
You left the hunt early.
you wouldn’t attend the play.
and now you refuse
to come to the ball.
Everything seems
to bore and annoy you.
Is there nothing I can do
to lift your spirits?
Now that you mention it.
there’s just one thing
that could lift my spirits.
Just name it.
You know I couldn’t refuse.
A cake made
by Donkey Skin.
Who?
Donkey Skin.
You don’t know her.
But you aren’t even hungry!
Don’t argue.
It’s the only thing I really want.
My wish may seem banal.
but it’s as good as anything else.
A cake?
Donkey Skin. you say?
- Yes.
Donkey Skin.
Get some rest. my child.
Thibaud. I wish
to ask you a question.
- A riddle?
- I said a question.
Do you know Donkey Skin?
Your Majesty. there’s
no uglier creature in the world.
And she stinks
to high heaven!
Who is she?
A filthy thing that lives
on one of your farms
and keeps the pigs.
Filthy or not. go at once.
The prince demands
she make him a cake.
I won’t get there
before daybreak.
All the more reason to hurry.
Hurry... yes... right.
This girl must be
quite a cook!
Here we are.
- Are you Donkey Skin?
- Yes. sir.
I am the queen’s overseer.
The prince.
who must be ill.
requests a quake –
I mean. a cake made by you.
Do you have all you need?
- Yes. sir.
Then hurry. wench.
We’ll be waiting.
I hope
she washes her hands.
A cake for the prince.
My cookbook!
Apple savarin. rum pastry.
walnut delight.
royal cream puffs – no.
Apricot cobbler.
plum soufflé...
strawberry shortcake.
pineapple charlotte.
Ah... a love cake!
My dress the color of the sun!
Prepare...
Prepare your dough
In a shallow...
In a shallow bowl
And without further ado
Light your oven
Then take...
Then take some flour
And pour it...
And pour it in the bowl
Four generous handfuls
And make a little. . .
A little well in the center
Then choose four. . .
Choose four fresh eggs
Laid this very. . .
Laid this very morning
Because 20 days later
A chick is bound. . .
A chick is bound to appear
A whole bowl. . .
A whole bowl of milk
Nice and creamy. . .
Nice and creamy.
if you please
Sprinkle with sugar
And then mix. . .
And then mix it well
A handful of sweet butter
A pinch of. . .
A pinch of leavening
A drop of honey
And a dash of. . .
And a dash of salt
And now it’s time
While kneading the dough
To slip in a present
For your be. . .
For your betrothed
Make a lover’s wish
While the dough is resting
Butter the dish
And let it bake. . .
And let it bake one hour
The donkey skin!
Get up. lazybones.
Wake up. You mustn’t keep
the prince waiting.
Hurry up.
- How is he?
- Impossible to say.
He’s delirious.
yet he has no fever.
Are there no fairies around?
They’re all busy.
It’s the full moon.
But you’re men of science!
We never saw a case
like this at school.
The cake. Your Majesty.
- What do you think?
- You know I don’t like cake.
What do you think?
It smells like good butter.
Excellent.
Here. my child.
Taste it
when you’re good and ready.
I’m not very hungry.
He shouldn’t
gobble it like that.
He’ll get air in his blood.
He’s choking!
Do something!
He’s been poisoned!
He hasn’t eaten
in three days.
Get him some water.
Thank you all.
The cake was delicious.
I feel much better.
I’d like to sleep now.
You may go.
We mustn’t upset him.
His mysterious illness seems marked
by constant fluctuations.
His cough will subside shortly.
I knew not
that you loved me
Are you certain of it now?
A golden ring told me so
There must be a spell on us
But what will we do
with so much happiness?
Show it to the world
or conceal it?
We will build a life together
Like no others have ever built
Our love will be a legend
And we will live long
in memory
But what will we do
with so much love ?
Show it to the world
or conceal it?
We’ll do
all that is forbidden
We’ll go together
to the snack bar
We’ll smoke a pipe
in secret
We’ll stuff ourselves
on cake
But what will we do
with so much joy?
This world
is overflowing with it
We’ll do
all that is forbidden
We’ll go together
to the snack bar
We’ll smoke
a pipe in secret
We’ll stuff ourselves
on cake
But what will we do
with so much joy?
This world
is overflowing with it
We’ll have
a great many children
And our life together will be
An enchanted fairy tale
The royal physicians!
Did you consult your books?
Yes. Your Majesty.
and we all agree
on the diagnosis.
Tell us.
The prince is dying of love.
- Love?
- I knew it.
What do you advise?
Marriage. Your Majesty.
Is it urgent?
The sooner the better.
Thank you
for your wise counsel.
We will reflect on the matter.
I refuse to handle this matter.
You must do it.
As you wish.
Wait. I’ll go with you.
My dear son!
My dear child!
- We know everything.
- You’re lucky.
You shall have her.
no matter how hideous or stupid.
- Let’s not get carried away.
- You promised.
Tell us her name.
I don’t wish to distress you.
but I can’t even
tell you her name.
Look.
I shall marry the girl
who can wear this ring.
What’s that ring?
Who gave it to you?
- No. no questions.
- But we could –
- No. I know you!
If I tell you this much.
you’ll want her whole genealogy.
Then I shall command
all the ladies to come –
To try the ring on.
Thank you.
"By order of the king!
All maidens
are to come to the palace
to try on a ring.
But remark well:
maidens only!
The one whom the ring
fits perfectly
will marry the prince.
heir to the throne.
Know ye further
that said ring is very small.
and the finger in question
must be slender."
Come hither. ladies
This elixir of gazelle milk
will make your finger so slender
That you will wed the prince
This way. my beauties
I’ll make your finger slender
and smoother than a plum
And the prince
will fall head over heels
I have a miracle salve
To make our fingers slender
Quick. let’s open it
And rub it in well
Push harder. lazybones!
I’m afraid of hurting you
Are you stupid
or just pretending?
Tighten
until I tell you to stop!
Mother. hurry
The prince awaits
My finger’s growing thinner
Mine will fit the golden ring
My skin’s peeling off!
Mine is down to the bone !
Serves you right
You featherbrains!
The fake ! The quack!
Just look at my finger!
It looks terrible
Look at mine
It’s twice as fat as it was
- They’re so silly!
- He’s jealous
All that
just to marry a prince!
You’re just a cruel scamp
Ouch!
You’re pinching me!
- Help!
- What is it. Esther?
- I cut myself
- Serves her right
Make him go away!
Beauty has its price
Princesses first...
then duchesses fallow –
I mean. follow –
then marchionesses.
What a crowd!
What if it fits
several of them?
No chance of that.
But what if it does?
It’s true.
I hadn’t thought of that.
Calm down! There’s no hussy –
I mean. no hurry.
And please don’t push!
I said countesses.
and then behinds –
I mean. baronesses –
behind them.
Sorry.
It’s well-known I have
the slenderest finger in the county.
Next.
Come back in a few years.
With pleasure.
Your Highness.
Almost. but not quite.
Maids and chambermaids first.
then cooks.
Kitchen hands
and turkey keepers last.
Stop your crackling –
I mean. your cackling!
Miss Gauthier.
servant in the castle.
Miss Nicolette. cook.
Miss Salt-and-Pepper.
turkey keeper.
Miss Glumcakes.
no occupation.
I doubt it’s even
worth trying. sire.
Give me your hand.
No. the other one.
I told you so.
Is there no one else?
No. Your Highness.
There’s no one else.
Your Majesty.
My dear child...
every lady of the realm
answered your summons.
None could wear the ring.
I am very sorry.
I’m quite surprised.
because this ring
must belong to someone.
Come to think of it.
I don’t think I saw Donkey Skin.
the girl who made me
the cake.
Did no one inform the girl?
I don’t know. Your Majesty.
Send for her immediately.
Here she is. Your Majesty.
Donkey Skin!
Do you live at the third farm
down the road?
Yes. Your Highness.
Show me your hand.
It’s all arranged.
I’m marrying your father.
Try to look pleased.
My daughter.
My dear daughter.
here you are.
We’ll never be parted again.
The festivities
lasted almost three months.
Kings came from every land:
the king of India with his elephant.
the king of Africa with his camel.
the king of Siam with his cats.
coaches. and sedan chairs.
They say the couple’s love
would endure even now
if they hadn’t died
a hundred years later.
Our tale is perhaps
difficult to believe...
but as long as there are children
and mothers and grandmothers.
it will live on in memory.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm